---
title: FeedCraft coming soon!
description: I started hacking together an app to post to this website from, and I made it where others can use it to.
categories:
  - devlog
  - markdown
  - indieweb
  - swiftui
date: "2025-02-18T06:23:00"
---

Over the weekend, I started working on FeedCraft more seriously (I know I said no new projects, but I technically started this last year so it fits in my year of follow-through) because I need a quick way to post here.

## What is the purpose of FeedCraft?

FeedCraft is an iOS app that allows users to make posts on their GitHub hosted blog. All the blog needs to do is support text files with front matter. Usually these are Markdown files, but they can be any file type.

## Why did I build FeedCraft?

I wanted a way to quickly post to my blog when the inspiration struck, so here we are. An app that's 80% of the way done and it's getting a blog post to help me finish it.

## What features does it have?

- Customize front matter
- Copy and paste your content from the app to wherever you need it
- Apply front matter templates*
- Create, update, and publish files directly to your GitHub*
- Preview your markdown post*

`*` = paid features

There are more features cooking, but for right now, this is what I want to launch with. It might not be a lot but it's a good start. If you have more ideas on what to add here, then please shoot me a message [somewhere](/contact) on the internet.

## What's the tech stack?

It's pretty simple for now:

- SwiftUI
- Swift Data

I'm doing a lot on device for now, so no need to really overcomplicate it. Once I add in photo uploading and crossposting to social media platforms, I might need to add in a server but I don't think that's necessary right now.

## When does it launch?

I'll be opening a TestFlight at the end of the month, but I need to get some of the UI and UX nailed down a bit more. I'm hoping to go live sometime in March depending on feedback.

---

Thanks y'all for reading!